hi guys so welcome to my first get ready
with me video which I'm so so excited
about I've been loving these videos
lately so I'm excited to film one so
this is gonna be a spring makeup very
fresh and has some fun colors as well
but it's very easy to do as well so
obviously right now I'm applying my
foundation first this is the air and
fresh skin and compact makeup which I
can't tell you what I think about yet
it's still in the trial period with me
it's only around my third time using it
and right now what I can say is it's a
little bit heavy for my liking so I
either have to find a way to use it
properly or I just don't like this
foundation but it has really nice
coverage and it has a nice sort of dewy
satiny finish which I quite like
actually it just feels a little heavy on
the skin and I'm used by Real Techniques
buffing brush of course which I love
love for foundation now I'm going in
with the Clinique chubby eyes chubby
stick for the eyes and this is in about
two full beige so I'm just applying this
right from the stick it's so easy to
apply and I'm zooming and just to show
you how pretty that looks on its own
just this in a bit of a scar is a really
nice summery look as well but of course
I have to go one step further so I'm
going in with my Mac pigment in pink
bronze which just has the most gorgeous
gorgeous Sheen to it I think a lot of
the Mac pigments the ones that are a bit
more shimmery have this beautiful Sheen
to them now if you don't like pigments
you don't like loose products I actually
pressed mine with a bit of alcohol but
you could also use expensive pink by Mac
which is a really really similar color
sort of pinky gold but it doesn't have
it's not loose obviously so easier to
use now I'm going in with my Mac wedge
eyeshadow this is a sort of muted medium
brown it's a really nice color you could
also use Omega but I just feel like I
needed a little bit of definition in my
crease even though I want this to be
very natural I just needed that
definition to really complete the look I
can never really leave an eye without a
bit of definition in the crease now I'm
going in with my gel eyeliner this is
from Estee Lauder and it's the brown so
it's gonna be a little bit softer than
what black would be and I'm using my Mac
210 brush now the flick I always have to
hold my breath for the flick
so nerve wracking like I'm so particular
about flicks but I'm trying to keep this
very thin obviously in the outer corner
it's gonna get a little bit thicker and
then in the inner corner I'm teeth I'm
keeping us thin as I can and then again
with the flick I am winging it out a
little bit longer than what I would say
is is natural but it's very very thin so
that keeps it being a little bit more
natural if this would just focus there
we go maybe yes okay and there is the
winged liner done thank goodness I got
this over and done with smoothly and as
I was saying it is quite a thin wing
there we go
now I'm gonna go in with my Mac lash
curlers which do the job pretty well for
me so I'm just curling my lashes this
will add to that sort of winged flare on
the outer corner and will also just help
my mascara look a bit nicer and go on
smoother so I'm using my L'Oreal this is
the million lashes excess mascara in
black which again I'm sort of trying
this out I don't quite know how I feel
about this mascara I think it's a bit
clumpy in a weird way I actually really
like Columbia mascaras but this one just
looks a bit weird now this step I wasn't
actually going to do but I felt like
they look kind of needed it and I'm
going back in with that pink bronze
pigment just on a random angled brush
and I just put a bit on my bottom lash
line all the way around my bottom lash
line and now back in with some mascara
that same L'Oreal million lashes excess
which you can see it's just looking a
little bit clumpy I don't know if I like
it yet but maybe I will love it now this
amazing beautiful fantastic product this
is the Bobbi Brown brow shaper this one
is in rich Brown and it just does an
incredible job at obviously keeping my
brows in place but filling in my brows
it makes it look more defined a bit
fuller love love love this product I'm
going to show you a little tiny clip of
what they look like one with and one
without this product there we go and you
can see what a big difference that does
and that's the eyes done really easy now
I'm giving in with my Mac CC transparent
powder this is just the basically a
translucent powder
this one in particular is a yellow shade
so it's a neutral eyes that's meant to
neutralize redness it's pretty much
transparent but I'm just applying this
all over the face just to keep my
blusher and bronzer from kind of getting
a bit patchy on my skin
now I'm going with the Bobbi Brown
shimmer brick in nectar this is my first
time using it and it's such a beautiful
beautiful product I'm using my angled
brush from Mac and this I'm applying it
on the apples of my cheeks and bringing
it up to my cheekbones that will kind of
help contour my face and I feel like
it's a little bit more of a modern way
to apply your blusher now I'm going in
with of course Maya Nora's Laguna having
used this product a whole lot I do quite
like it though but I'm gonna have to see
this summer how I get on with it and
I'll let you guys know so I'm just
applying this but kind of contouring
kind of just warming up the skin just
applying it where you would apply it
your bronzer normally and I'm really
blending that into the blusher as well
now this lipstick I'm sorry to use a
limited edition lipstick you can
probably still find this on Mac counters
it's Dreaming Dahlia it's from their
spring collection but basically another
similar one is this orange Revlon just
bitten lip product it's it's the orange
one it's a really similar color but I
just couldn't find another lipstick that
had this color that I wanted now I
wasn't gonna do this for the look is
obviously the shimmer brick from Bobbi
Brown had a lot of shimmer in it but I
feel like it's a spring look you need
shimmer you need highlighter go for it
this is the Mac mineralized skinfinish
in soft and gentle you would not believe
how many compliments I get from this
product it is such a beautiful Sheen and
that is the whole look it's so easy but
you can see it's so glowy so fun I love
the eyes that eyeshadow the pigment pink
bronze just has the most beautiful sheen
the lips with the orange e tone but it's
still quite sheer that's it thank you so
much for watching guys and I'll see you
guys next time bye